
-- 
THE REDEEMED CHRISTIAN CHURCH OF GOD
Bukola Ajayi, Block 3 Flat 1, AIDC Staff Qtrs, Utako
Abuja Nigeria
http://www.rccg.org/

"The real Christmas comes to him who has taken Christ into his life as a
moving, dynamic, vitalizing force. The real spirit of Christmas lies in
the life and mission of the Master...."If you desire to find the true
spirit of Christmas and partake of the sweetness of it, let me make this
suggestion to you. During the hurry of the festive occasion of this
Christmas season, find time to turn your heart to God. Perhaps in the
quiet hours, and in a quiet place, and on your kneeslone or with loved
onesive thanks for the good things that have come to you, and ask that
His Spirit might dwell in you as you earnestly strive to serve Him and
keep His commandments.

This is a donation message onto thy Lord for He is the Alpha an Omega.
My name in Rev.Robert Henry from the Redeem Christian church of God Abuja
Nigeria. I am wishing u and your family a merry Christmas and a prosperous
new year in advance.

Me and my church has been building the house of thy Lord for the pass five
years now and we are still unable to complete it and we have been asked to
move out from our current rentage, we need your financial support unto the
house of God. The bible says in Matthew 7:7, Ask and it will be given to
you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.

  The new year we are about to enter you will find prosperity in every
part of your life as you donate unto the house of thy lord. Sow a seed
unto thy lord and your will harvest more than enough. I, Rev. John
God'swill beg you in the name of God to give anything you can afford
from your heart to the building of the house of thy Lord and you will
find prosperity all through your life.

THESE ARE RECENT TESTIMONIES OF THOSE WHO SOW A SEED UNTO THY LORD FOR THE
BUILDING OF HIS HOUSE. Testimonies after donations:

Mr Kevin Krob.
Mr kevin.krob04@yahoo.com

No Mistake Is Too Great For God To Restore

I was asked to resign immediately from my job after committing a horrible
mistake. I felt lost and was very upset. I felt really lousy that I had
allowed myself to commit such a mistake. Then, I remembered Rev.John
God'swill about how God wants to bless us so that we can be a blessing to
others. I began to proclaim this truth over my life and believed that God
will surely give me another awesome job where He can bless me to be a
blessing to my colleagues and employer. Shortly after, I was called up for
an interview for a managerial position, which required eight years of
relevant working experience. I only had one. Nevertheless, I prayed and
believed that God's favour was on me. I went through three rounds of
interviews and at the last round, I had to give a presentation to the boss
of the company. I told God that I will do my best to prepare for the
presentation but I will just be restful and let Him take charge of the
interview. Despite the lack of working experience, I was offered the job.
Praise Jesus! I thank God for His favour and for putting me at the right
place, at the right time.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
MRS MYRIAM PELLETIER

A Plentiful Harvest From His Miracle Seed

I stopped working to further my education and I am currently a first-year
student at the Singapore Management University. Two weeks before Rev.John
God'swill announced the date for Miracle Seed Sunday in 2010, God had
already laid in my heart to prepare a seed to sow. When the announcement
was made, it was a confirmation from God to sow. As a Rock Kidz teacher, I
would share with my Rock Kidz children that the seeds we sow will grow
into trees and bring forth many fruits, and those fruits will have many
more seeds. In that same way, I believed that a plentiful harvest was
coming my way when I sowed my seed. In November 2010, I received a letter
from my ex-employer that due to the economy strong rebound, they had
decided to give a monetary reward to every employee. At that time, I was
not receiving any salary as I had already stopped work. Yet, I was still
eligible to receive a lump sum, which was four times more than what I had
sown during Miracle Seed Sunday. It was so supernaturally natural!
If that was not enough, in December 2010, I received a letter for the
year-end bonus which I thought I was not going to get. The bonus was close
to 12 times
more than what had I sowed, praise the Lord! Our God is a faithful God! I
would like to thank Rev.John God'swill for preaching such an awesome
gospel, the gospel of grace!
---------------------------------------------------------------------
I WANT YOU TO SOW A SEED NOW UNTO THY LORD AND YOUR WILL TESTIFY UNTO HIS
NAME FROM THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 2012. DON'T TAKE THIS AS A JOKE IT IS
A LIFE CHANGE OPPOTUNITY.

DO GO TO THE NEAR BY WESTERN UNION OFFICE AND MAKE YOUR DONATION UNTO THE
HOUSE OF THY LORD TODAY THROUGH THE INFORMATION BELOW:

Receiver's Name: jude smith.
Country: Nigeria
Test Question: To whom?
Answer: Church.

Note: The following information is to be forward to us through the
following details and don't forget your prayer request of the new year.

Sender's Name:.........................
Country:...................................
Amount Sent:............................
MTCN:......................................

Rev.Robert Henry.
Email:rev.roberhenry@hotmail.com

You don't have to think otherwise, nothing like scam here, don't let the
devil decieve you. Just have faith and sow a seed unto thy lord for you
will for you will have the whole of your life to testify and glorify his
holy name.

GOD BLESS YOU
REV.ROBERT HENRY.
 
