Dear Friend,

Good day, My name Mrs. Jacklyn Brown, I am a widow from the United States
Of America but i am based in the UK where i have virtually lived all my
entire life here after the death of my beloved husband and two kids, i
decided to move to uk to settle down, and i was dealing on Gold and
diamond before this sickness struck me, my doctors says i am diagnosed
with Esophageal Cancer which was discovered very late, due to my laxity in
carrying for my health. It has defiled all forms of medicine according to
medical experts.

Because of this, I have willed and given most of my properties and assets
to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close
friends. I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so, I have
decided to give arms 12.5,000,000.00 Million British Pounds Sterling GBP
to charity organizations and give succor and comfort to the less
privileged in our societies, as I want this to be one of the last good
deeds I do on earth.

So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the
AFRICA, ASIA, MIDDLE EAST, USA, & EUROPE. Now that my health has
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this my self anymore. I once asked
members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money
12.5,000,000.00 Million British Pounds Sterling GBP. which I have there
to charity organization and to the less privileged in USA, ASIA, MIDDLE
EAST, AFRICA, EUROPE. but they refused and kept the money to themselves
and trying to kill me.

Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contended with
what I have left for them. The last of my money which no one knows of is
the huge cash deposit of 25.5,000,000.00 Million British Pounds Sterling
GBP. I will want you to help me collect this deposit and disburse it to
some charity organizations and to the less privileged in your region. Send
me a mail to indicate if you will assist me in this disbursement. I have
set aside 35% for you for your time and patience while 5% for my medical
bills and 60% for charity organizations and to the less privileged.

If you are willing to help me please reply me here on this email:-
jby2222@rediffmail.com

Sincerely,
Mrs. Jacklyn Brown
jby2222@rediffmail.com
  
