Compact Headers

Dearest
  I am writing this mail to you with heart full of tears and sorrow, I know that this mail might come to you as a surprise because you don't know me and I also do not know you but I believe in God that you will not fail me because I did not contact you by my power as I prayed that God will touch your heart and give you the grace to help me.

My name is Ms. Angela Jimmy, I am 20 years old Medical student in University of Sudan , I am the only child of my father of a blessed memory by name Late Mr. Jimmy Lemi Milla was the rural development minister in Sudan . You can read more about my father death in the BBC news below website:

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12403620

My late father was killed by his driver whom was paid by unknown people to assailant my family but he succeeded in killing my father and the shocked death of my father leads to my mother death after 3 days of father's death. May they soul rest in perfect peace, AMEN.

I am actually in search of an honest and reliable person who will help me relocate to his country for a better life as I was advised by my late mother, I have chosen to contact you after my prayers and I believe you will not betray me now that you have known my life story. Meanwhile, 2 days later after my father's death my mother gave me the information for the secret deposit them made with a bank in Burkina-Faso. The deposit value is US$4.5 Million US Dollars only and I am presently in Burkina-Faso where my late parent's made the deposit and I have gone to the bank to confirm the deposit and establish ownership, please I need your assistance urgently in moving this fund to your country for investment and also help me relocate to your country, when my inheritance is properly secured you will have 20% of the value for your assistance.

I shall appreciate an urgent message indicating your ability and willingness to handle this transaction sincerely.  I am waiting your urgent and positive response.
Please do keep this only to yourself please i beg you not to disclose it to anybody because I do not want to be noticed for security reasons. With due respect, I am pleading that you help me, i am giving all this detail information with every transparency believing that you will have a clear picture of the base of help i need from you and I hope you will not refuse to help me. I hope to hear from you immediately because I am suffering so much here and wish to leave as soon as possible. May truth and love be the guiding word in my refuge in you dear helper.
Ms. Angela Jimmy
