Compact Headers


Dearly Beloved,

I'm Julia Cassel resident in Lancashire, Western province of England in
the UK suffering from cancerous ailment. I was married to Sir Jeremy
Cassel an English based shipping tycoon notable for his great wealth,
influential extended family and charitable activities all his life before
his death. My husband died after a protracted illness in April 5th, 2009.
Our life together as husband and wife lasted for about two and a half
decades without a child.

My late husband and I made a vow to uplift the down-trodden and the
less-privileged individuals in the society, as we both had passion for
those people who cannot help themselves due to physical disability or
financial predicament. I can adduce the fact that, we needed a Child from
our marriage which never came. When my late husband was alive he invested
in stocks the sum of Fourty Million United States dollars
($40,000,000.00), which he derived from his vast investment in capital
market with a Security Company here in the UK and named me as the sole
beneficiary of this trust funds upon his demise (all records are kept with
my family lawyer).

Presently, the funds are still with the Security Company.

Just last week, my Doctor told me that I have limited days to live, due to
the cancerous problems that I have been suffering from. What bothers me
most is the stroke that I have in addition with the cancer. With the hard
reality that has befallen me, I have decided to donate the funds to you
and I want you to use the gift which comes from my late husband effort to
establish a charitable Foundation called "Thatcher Charity Foundation" for
the upkeep of widows, orphans, destitute, the down- trodden, physically
challenged children, barren-women and persons who prove to be genuinely
handicapped financially around you, as it is often said that blessed is
the hand that giveth.

I took the bold decision to contact you, because I do not have any child
to inherit the money and my late husband relatives are bourgeois and very
wealthy persons that will misuse and invest the money into ill perceived
ventures if willed to them, instead of helping the poor in a worthy
manner.

I do not need any telephone communication in this regard, due to my
deteriorating health and the presence of my husband relatives around me,
as I am currently bedridden in my husband Family house here in Lancashire,
England and do not receive any visitors unless approved by my late husband
immediate younger brother and I do not want him and the rest of the family
members to know about this development, in order to safeguard this
bequest.

So, I want you to immediately Contact my family lawyer Barrister Matthew
Penny (matthew.penny99@yahoo.co.uk) and tell him that I have willed the
funds to you by quoting my personal reference number
Law/chamber/solicitors/rt/cfd/WILL/9837520312, as I have earlier
authorized him to issue a Letter of Authority in your favor to the
Security Company handling the stocks. He will also endorse my WILL, where
you will be named as the sole beneficiary of the trust funds. Please
ensure to provide for him all that he may require to finalize the
arrangement, and make sure you maintain a confidential and cordial
relationship with him even in my absence, because he is a very trust
worthy and caring person.

My happiness today is that I lived a life worthy of emulation and I want
you to be kindhearted all through your life. Please, assure me that you
will act just as I have stated herein, as I hope to hear from you soon
that you have contacted him with his personal email address that I have
given to you above.

With Love,
Julia Cassel.
