
Hello Dear Friend,

Pls i want you to read this letter very carefully and i must apologize for barging this message into your mail box without any formal introduction due to the urgency and confidential of this matter and i know that this message will come to you as a surprise, Pls this is not a joke and i will not like you to joke with it.

I am Mr.Alida OUEDRAOGO, a Manager in African Development Bank (A.D.B) Ouagadougou,
Burkina faso.

I Hope that you will not expose or betray this trust and confident that i am about to establish with you for the mutual benefit of you and i.

I need your urgent assistance in transferring the sum of ($15.2)millions usd into your account within 7working banking days. This money has been dormant for years in our Bank without claim due to the owner of this fund died along with his entire family and supposed next of kin in an air crash since July 31st 2000.

Pls go through the website  (   http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm  )

I want our bank to release this funds to you as the nearest person to our deceased customer while i come over to your country to share this fund with you as soon as you confirm this fund into your account and ask me to come over.

I don't want the money to go into our Bank treasure as an abandoned or unclaimed fund. So this is the reason why i contacted you so that our bank will release this money to you as the next of kin to the deceased customer. Please I would like you to keep this proposal as a top secret and delete it if you are not interesting.

Upon the receipt of your reply and indication of your capability, i will give you full details on how the business will be executed and also note that you will have 45% of the above mentioned sum if you agree to handle this business with me while 50% will be for me and 5% for any expenses that may arise on the process, Because i don't want anyone here in our bank to know my involvement until you confirm this fund into your account and ask me to come over for the sharing as i indicated.

Am looking forward hearing from you immediately, Call me also through my direct line on +22676908099
Thanks with my best regards
Mr.Alida OUEDRAOGO
