
Federal Bureau Of Investigation
Gainsville District, GA 30501-2581 United States Of America.
Direct Line: (770) 272-5898
Email: fbi.alertdesk@w.cn
www.fbi.gov


FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION SEATTLE DISTRICT


Attn:Beneficiary,

This Federal Bureau of Investigation Seattle District WA received your
message and we want to bring to your kind notice that we have sent
immediate update to the New Scotland Yard of the Interpol London England
for the immediate apprehension of Mr. Frank Moss and we have also given
the Hsbc instruction to halt the payment of your fund to anybody until
they hear from you in person.

It is in the above light we want you to from hence forth keep the
remittance process of your fund very confidential as nobody can be trusted
at this point in time because we suspect Federal Agent from this Federal
Bureau Of Investigation to have been responsible for the information
leakage of the deposit of your fund at the Hsbc Bank to Mr. Frank Moss
because the remittance process of your fund is to be kept confidential
even after you have received your fund as stated.

Also note that you are to contact the Hsbc Bank via the assigned email
addresses and phone numbers given to you below as all these details have
been assigned for the safety and security of the release process of your
fund to you accordingly.

Be informed that the remittance process of your fund from the Hsbc Bank is
100% legitimate and hitch free and you should know your payment file is
classified above top secret files here at this Federal Bureau because we
have suspected Federal Agent aware of the deposit of your fund at the Hsbc
Bank to have been responsible for the information leakage of the deposit
of your fund to the imposter that had attempted to remit your fund with
claims that you authorized the release

Kindly forward your full contact details and Bank Coordinates to Mr. Alex
Morgan at the Hsbc Bank via the contact details below to enable this
Federal Bureau see to the immediate commencement of the release of your
fund to you as stated.

OFFICER: MR ALEX MORGAN.
POSITION: DIRECTOR, INTL, AND REMITTANCE HSBC BANK PLC LONDON ENGLAND.
HSBC HOLDING PLC 8 CANADA SQUARE LONDON E14 5HQ.
MOBILE NUMBER: +4470-3594-1119
EMAIL: mr_alexmorgandesk@hotmail.com

Do note that we would be monitoring all payment activities closely and we
would do our best to protect your interest and make sure you get your
funds delivered to you on time without any mistakes or delay.

You are to disregard any mail or correspondence that does not come from
this Federal Bureau or the  assigned bank Hsbc Bank in your own good and
you are to go ahead in dealing with the Assigned Bank accordingly , as we
will be monitoring all their services with you as well as your
correspondence at all level.

Thank you very much for your co-operation in advance as I earnestly await
your urgent response to this matter and I would want you to give me a call
on my direct line upon recipt of the remittance update.

Best regards,

Special Agent in Charge
Agent Henry Shawn
Federal Bureau Of Investigation
Gainsville District, GA 30501-2581 United States Of America.
Direct Line: (770) 272-5898
Email: fbi.alertdesk@w.cn
www.fbi.gov
