
Dearest One In Christ,

May the peace of the almighty Father be with you as read this message, as it is obvious, that this message will meet you with great surprise.

I am Mrs Ruth Benson from Kuwait. I am married to Late Mr.Jean Benson who was a competent business man here in Cote D'Ivoire, for nine good years before he died.We were married for many years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only Eight days. Before his death we were both born again Christian. Since his death I decided not to remarry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is against.

When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $(4.8 Million ) USD Four Million Eight Hundred Dollar in a Truck Box as a Family Valuable in a Finance Security Company here in Abidjan, Cote D'Ivoire capital. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next Eight months due to cancer problem.Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to a church or a God fearing person that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. I want a church or a God fearing Person that will use this fund for orphanages, hospitals, schools, widows, propagating the word of God and to endeavor that the house of God is maintained.

The Bible made us to understand that "Blessed is the hand that giveth"... I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my late husband's relatives are not Christians and I don't want my late husband's efforts to be used by unbelievers, I really want it to be to the Glory of God and the service to humanity.I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way.

This is why I am taking this decision.I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that "the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace".I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health hence the presence of my husband's relatives are around me always. I don't want them to know about this development. With God all things are possible.

As soon as I receive your reply in acceptance of working with me in the kingdom of God, I shall give you the contact of the security company here in Abidjan Cote D'Ivoire. I want you and the church to always pray for me because the lord is my shephard. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian. Whoever that Wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and Truth.

Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for another church or a God fearing person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I Stated herein. Hoping to receive your reply.

Remain blessed in the Lord.
Your's Sister In Christ,
Mrs. Ruth Benson.
