	charset=iso-8859-1
Attention Dear Customer

This e-mail has been issued to you in order to officially inform you that we
have completed an investigation on an International Payment in which was issued
to you by an International Lottery Company. With the help of our newly developed
technology (International Monitoring Network System) we discovered that your
e-mail address was automatically selected by an Online Balloting System, this
has legally won you the sum of $2.800, 000.00 USD from a Lottery Company. During
our investigation we discovered that your e-mail won the money from an Online
Balloting System and we have authorized this winning to be paid to you via a
Western Union money transfer and your only require to pay only $98.for the 

Besides, my dear, these are the opportunity for you and have to comply and your
funds shall be transfer to your designated address. But remember that after (
four 4 days) if you did not make the payment then we will divert your funds to
Government Fund, to avoid problem or we will cancel the transfer as for now
until next year because this year is not like last year.

After (Four Days) we will enter a new project for the year and that is the
reason why we decided to help to all our customers before we enter into the new
project. So be advise to send the $98.00 immediately so that we will register
your payment for those who will start receiving there payment as from tomorrow.
Note that their is no time again for we to call any person on phone unless you
will call us after sending the $98.00.

The total amount you have is $2,8Million USA Dollars. Here is the informations
to send the money so that we will help you complete it because the $98.00 is
only money you have to send until you receive all your payment complete, Send
the money through western union money transfer below:

RECEIVE NAME:       MR.Ngosine John
CITY:                       COTONOU
COUNTRY:            BENIN REPUBLIC
TEXT QUESTION:      IN GOD
ANSWER:             WE TRUST
AMOUNT:             $98.00

I am looking forward to hear from you right way because i hate any thing promise
and fail, The amount you have to send now is $98.00 but please make sure that
you send the money once you receive this mails so that we will give the  full
informations for you to pick up the first payment immediately. After you send
the needed $98.00 before we can give you full informations to pick it up today.

 I swear to God almighty Father. If I fail to release your payment within 2hours
after you send the $98.00 as I promise you that you receive, please I am
expecting you with western union payment informations so that the transfer will
commence immediately without further delay because i believe that we will
conclude this transaction successful this year.

As you can see that I swear against because this transaction and also to show
you the honest and truth I am?

MTCN NO
SENDER NAME?

Meanwhile you are advice to reconfirm your detail such as
Your full name...........
Your full Address......
And your current working telephone number............
For instant discussion, you are advice to add me on your yahoo messenger with
below (wum.transfer85@yahoo.com)

Remain Bless.
MR. KONTA WILLIAM  [/quote]
