FROM Mrs PAULINE DOUGLAS

REF: INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE

Dear Friend,

From Mrs Pauline Douglas,I am writing with my personal respect with regards to Your reposed personality / firm as a reliable,Trustworthy and God fearing. I got your contact Through the help of chamber of commerce in Abidjan the Capital of COTE DIVOIRE. In deed I am the wife of Late MR KOVO DOUGLAS from Sierra Leone. I and My two children are presently staying in burkina faso as Refugees, my husband was one of the Ministers of Johnny Paul Koromah s regime in Sierra Leone.

During the intervention of the ECOMOG Soldiers to Restore the presidency of Alhaji Tejan KABBAH from Johnny Koroma, my husband was among the 23 executed Ministers. As our breadwinner is dead (my husband) And our stay in Sierra Leone is no more safe, I and my Two children decided to move to COTE DIVOIRE a Neighboring African Country like Burkina Faso for our fafety. Due to our Status in COTE DIVOIRE as refugees I was forced to Lodge our family funds (USD $ 10. 5 million) in finance hause .

Ever since then we have been receiving help from our Mission, because we are staying in one of the Visitors villa in the church premises and attends Fellowship and worship fully. I hope you will be Touched to understand my request. We have agreed to invest our money viable in any Overseas country through your assistance and Directives.

You will provide or look for a lucrative venture where This money can be invested on before proceeding, we Will get to be more familiar and also go into an Understanding working agreement because our familys Future now depends on this money. The boxes containing The money and treasures were all deposited and Registered as a family treasures. This was done for Security reasons.We would like to know what you will take as your Percentage for assisting Us. we sincerely wish to introduce and make you our Business partner and overseer of our proposedInvestment in your country.

We are prepared to send all the documents regarding to This deposit as soon as you show youre immediate Response Email. Do not fail to give me Your telephone and fax numbers.

Best Regards,
Mrs Pauline Douglas
