

Dearest in the Lord,

My message is attached, mrs tiffany williams

Dearest in the Lord, 

PLEASE ENDEAVOUR TO USE IT FOR THE CHILDREN OF GOD. 

I am Mrs Tiffany Williams from Syplus . I am married to Mr Hurtbert Williams who worked with Syplus embassy in cote d'ivoire for nine years before he died in the year 2004.We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. 

Before his death we were both born again Christians. Since his death I decided not to re-marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the Bible is against. When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of (4.Million U.S. Dollars) in a fixed suspense account with one of the Bank here in Cote D Ivorie.Presently, this money is still with the Bank so I want you to take quick step to this transfer process with the bank to transfer the money to you because, recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem. Through what disturbs me most is my stroke i Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to church or better still a Christian individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct here in. 

I want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is maintained. The Bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth. I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not Christians and I don't want my husband's hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner. Hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace. 

I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health because of the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don't want them to know about this development. With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the Bank here in Ivory Coast Abidjan . 

Hoping to hearing from you
Remain blessed in the name of the Lord. 

Yours in Christ. 

Mrs Tiffany Williams, 

EMAIL ADDRESS ;( mrstiffany_w001@voila.fr )
