
show details 8:02 AM (5 hours ago)

Warning: This message may not be from whom it claims to be. Beware of following any links in it or of providing the sender with any personal information.  Learn more
MR DAMANI MARU
OUAGOUDOUGOU,
BURKINA FASO
REPLY TO: mr.marumrdamani@gmail.com

Dear Sir,

RE: TRANSFER OF ($9,500.000.00 USD NINE
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS)

We want to transfer to overseas the sum of ($9,500.000.00USD) Nine Million FiveHundred Thousand United States Dollars) from a Prime Bank in Africa.

I would like to ask you to quietly look for a reliable and honest person whowill be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set upa new Bank a/c immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serveas far as it can receive money.

I am
MR DAMANI MARU an accountant and personal confidant to Dr.Ravindra F.Shah who died together with his wife Dr.Mrs. Manjula Parikh-Shah in a planecrash on the 1st Oct. 2003on their way to attend wedding in Boston.

Dr. Ravindra F. Shah, is an American, a physician and industrialist, he diedwithout having any beneficiary to his assets including his account here in Burkina Fasowhich he opened in the year 2000 as his personal savings for the purpose ofexpansion and developement of his company before his untimely death in 2003.

The amount involved is (USD 9,500,000.00) Nine Million Five Hundred ThousandUSD, no other person knows about this account.

I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approvedto a local person here, without valid international foreign passport, but canonly be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or driverslicense and foreign a/c because the money is in US Dollars and the former ownerof the a/c Mr.Ravindra F. Shah is aforeigner too, and as such the money canonly be approved into a foreign a/c.

I need your full co-operationto make this work fine because the management isready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information ofthis account, which I will give to you, upon your positive response and once Iam convinced that you are capable and will meet up with the inheritanceprocedures.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 35% of the totalamount,60% will be for me, while 5% will be for expenses both parties mighthave incurred during the process of transferring.

You should observe utmost CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECRECY in this transaction, andrest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of usbecause I will require your assistance to invest my share in your country.

I look forward to your prompt response.please REPLY:TO: marumrdamani@gmail.com
Sincerely,

MR DAMANI MARU  
