



FBI Headquarters, Washington, D.C
Federal Bureau of Investigation
J. Edgar Hoover Building
935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C. 20535-0001

Contact Email :  federal_bureau.i@washington.usa.com
website: www.fbi.gov/hq.htm

Dear fellow
This letter is from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)

The very heart of FBI operations lies in our investigationswhich serve as our mission states, "to protect and defend the United States against terrorist and foreign intelligence threats and to enforce the criminal laws of the United States." We currently have jurisdiction over violations of more than 200 categories of federal law, and you can find the major ones below, grouped within our three national security priorities and our five criminal priorities. Also visit our Intelligence program site, which underpins and informs all our investigative programs. www.fbi.gov/hq.htm

We  apologize  for  the  inability  to  reach  you  this  message  at  home  is  due  to  too  much  work  load  on  desk,  and  because  we  have  your  email  contact  make's  us  to  reach  you  on  email...

We  are  writing  to  reach  to  you  the  report  tabled  to  my  desk  by  the  Barclays Finance Bank / World Bank Group,  regarding  your  winning  funds  "ATM  CARD"  which  was  held  hostage  at  FedEx  office  in  New  York.  According  to  the  report  by  Mr. Dennis Bennett,  he  stated  that  the  hold up  of  your  ATM CARD  at  his  office  is  the  payment  as  demanded  from  you  being  for  the  Insurance Coverage  for  your  ATM CARD..

After  our  proper  investigation  over  the  above  matter,  we  found  that  your  Payment  ATM  CARD  is  real  legal  transaction,  that  is  why  we  are  concerned  to  contact  you  today..  Also  we  have  informed  Mr.  Dennis Bennett  of  FedEx  New  York  that  if  he  fails  to  deliver  your  ATM  CARD  to  you  this  weekend'  after  you  make  the  payment  to  them,  we  shall  get  him  arrested,  i  assured  you..

So now you are well protected to continue with  them  and  to  finalize  the process of receiving your ATM package from him hence we have put our interest over the transaction  to  protect  your  interest.
From today onward we are behind you and we are monitoring the rest of them involved on this transaction.

Finally, we urge you to give him every necessary corporation as we have found him legal, Take  note,  the fee they demanded for the delivery of your ATM CARD shall be paid only to their legal staff in  Malaysia  (MR. SAMUEL GANTI) who is in-charge to process your paper so that Mr. Dennis Bennett will  deliver your  ATM CARD  to  you..  so try to contact Mr. Dennis Bennett with this code of conduct (ATM-212)  for your ATM CARD  delivery,  His contact  details is listed below:

Contact Officer :: Mr. Dennis Bennett.
E-mail  ::  fedex-expressdelivery.newyork@ro.ru
Office Telephone :: 315-307-4099

NOTE : If any other person(s) or  Office(s)  contact you for any transaction you do not know about don't hesitate to forward his / her email contact to us for immediate investigation.

Thanks

Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
Office of Monitoring Units, Washington, D.C
UNITED STATE.
