FROM OFFICE OF EUROPE BANK
WESTERN UNION MONEY TRANSFER DIVISION
ADDRESS: VIA EUROPE 18
RAVENNA 47100
SPAIN .
Tel: +34 634 025 914                 
Fax: +34 935-457-090
Email: To claims_mtcnunit@xyan.us

Attention: Beneficiary.

Following the high rate of fraud star, scam and money laundry activities case
perpetrated via South Africa, Nigeria, Ghana, Togo , Europe and other African
countries. We write to informed you about the meeting held today by the Eu union money
laundry commission , organized crime/fraud division.

You are warned to stop further communication or dealing you have with any body/banks
regarding to the collection of your fund, due to the fraudulent activities going on
worldwide for your own good, because your fund is right here in our custodians and not
in Any body/banks that is contacting you in respect to the collection of your fund is
scam.

Secondly, we have discovered that some of these deposited funds including yours & other
(5.000) innocent scam victims, who face untold extortion of valuables cash, on their
struggles to claim their entitled funds are genuine and originated from the right
sources such as contracts payment, inheritance claim and above it all lottery winning
claims.

European union money laundry commission committee has instructed us to be paying your
fund to you via western union money transfer under installment of Seven Thousand Five
hundred Dollars daily till the amount is completely paid to you, we have transferred
first installment payment to you today for your pick-up at any western union worldwide
over there in your country. I advice you Track your first payment online for your
perusal, now using senders first name and last name as directed below:

https://wumt.westernunion.com/asp/orderStatus.asp?country=global

Money Transfer Control Number (M.T.C.N): 8453767657
Senders First Name: ION
Senders Last Name: GURGU

But, this is still on-hold, due to your none payment of the (Euro 229: 00 Cent only)
Handling fee & stamp duties charges as indicate in your payment file, that You are
require to pay before you pick up your daily transfer that we have made available to
you today.

You are require to send copy of your international passport, contact Phone Number and
your full contact Address, which you will use to pick up your daily $7,500.00 in your
country for our record, As instructed immediately we receive the Handling fee & stamp
duties charges, we will release your payment on hold and our customer care service in
your country will call you as soon as possible to enable you pick up your daily
$7,500.00 immediately without any urge.

Sincerely Regards.
Mr. Rapheal Williams
Western Union Payment Officer
claims_mtcnunit@xyan.us
Europe Bank Spain.
 
